Note that background is buggy right now!
Test
background-image: initial (original property was background)
background-position-x: initial (original property was background)
background-position-y: initial (original property was background)
background-size: initial (original property was background)
background-repeat: initial (original property was background)
background-attachment: initial (original property was background)
background-origin: initial (original property was background)
background-clip: initial (original property was background)
background-color: purple (original property was background)
margin-top: 1em (original property was margin)
margin-right: 1em (original property was margin and property was implicitly set.)
margin-bottom: 1em (original property was margin and property was implicitly set.)
margin-left: 1em (original property was margin and property was implicitly set.)
color: white
font-style: initial (original property was font and property was implicitly set.)
font-variant-caps: initial (original property was font and property was implicitly set.)
font-weight: initial (original property was font and property was implicitly set.)
font-stretch: initial (original property was font and property was implicitly set.)
font-size: 24px (original property was font)
line-height: initial (original property was font and property was implicitly set.)
font-family: "Lucida Grande" (original property was font)
font-size-adjust: initial (original property was font and property was implicitly set.)
font-kerning: initial (original property was font and property was implicitly set.)
font-variant-alternates: initial (original property was font and property was implicitly set.)
font-variant-ligatures: initial (original property was font and property was implicitly set.)
font-variant-numeric: initial (original property was font and property was implicitly set.)
font-variant-east-asian: initial (original property was font and property was implicitly set.)
font-variant-position: initial (original property was font and property was implicitly set.)
font-feature-settings: initial (original property was font and property was implicitly set.)
font-optical-sizing: initial (original property was font and property was implicitly set.)
font-variation-settings: initial (original property was font and property was implicitly set.)
font-palette: initial (original property was font and property was implicitly set.)

