paragraph test
Test Contenteditable is working.
c d
test audio file
can't select
巧克力 是食物吗?
كيف حالك؟
both   spaces
line breaks
some
text
this is my first paragraph. Of text. it has some text.


this is my second paragraph. Of text. it has some text.
this is my third paragraph. Of text. it has some text.

This tests that paragraph navigation is working correctly.

On success, you will see a series of "PASS" messages, followed by "TEST COMPLETE".


Current character is: p
Current paragraph is: paragraph test
Pre paragraph start to next paragraph end: paragraph test

Current character is: T
Current paragraph is: Test Content
Pre paragraph start to next paragraph end: Test Content

Current character is: c
Current paragraph is: c [ATTACHMENT]d
Pre paragraph start to next paragraph end: c [ATTACHMENT]d

Current character is: d
Current paragraph is: c [ATTACHMENT]d
Pre paragraph start to next paragraph end: c [ATTACHMENT]d
test audio ￼file

Current character is: t
Current paragraph is: test audio [ATTACHMENT]file
Pre paragraph start to next paragraph end: test audio [ATTACHMENT]file

Current character is: c
Current paragraph is: can't select
Pre paragraph start to next paragraph end: can't select

Current character is: 巧
Current paragraph is: 巧克力 是食物吗?
Pre paragraph start to next paragraph end: 巧克力 是食物吗?

Current character is: ك
Current paragraph is: كيف حالك؟
Pre paragraph start to next paragraph end: كيف حالك؟

Current character is: b
Current paragraph is: both   spaces
Pre paragraph start to next paragraph end: both   spaces

Current character is: i
Current paragraph is: line breaks
Pre paragraph start to next paragraph end: line breaks

Current character is: s
Current paragraph is: some
Pre paragraph start to next paragraph end: some

Current character is: t
Current paragraph is: text
Pre paragraph start to next paragraph end: text

Paragraph: this is my first paragraph. Of text. it has some text.
Paragraph:
Paragraph:
Paragraph: this is my second paragraph. Of text. it has some text.
Paragraph: this is my third paragraph. Of text. it has some text.
Paragraph: this is my third paragraph. Of text. it has some text.
Paragraph: this is my second paragraph. Of text. it has some text.
Paragraph:
Paragraph:
Paragraph: this is my first paragraph. Of text. it has some text.
Test going forward.
End paragraph: text

Test going backwards.
Start paragraph: paragraph test
PASS successfullyParsed is true

TEST COMPLETE

