CONSOLE MESSAGE: Origin https://localhost:9443 is not allowed by Access-Control-Allow-Origin.
CONSOLE MESSAGE: Origin https://localhost:9443 is not allowed by Access-Control-Allow-Origin.

PASS Importing a script resolves the given promise.
PASS Importing scripts resolves all the given promises.
PASS Importing nested scripts resolves the given promise
PASS Importing cyclic scripts resolves the given promise
PASS Importing a script which throws should still resolve the given promise.
FAIL Importing a non-existent script rejects the given promise with an AbortError. promise_rejects_dom: function "function () { throw e }" threw object "NetworkError: Failed to fetch module, error: Response is not 2xx" that is not a DOMException AbortError: property "code" is equal to 19, expected 20
PASS Importing an invalid URL should reject the given promise with a SyntaxError.
PASS Importing a blob URL should resolve the given promise.
FAIL Importing a file:// URL should reject the given promise. promise_rejects_dom: function "function () { throw e }" threw object "NetworkError: Failed to fetch module, error: Cross origin requests are only supported for HTTP." that is not a DOMException AbortError: property "code" is equal to 19, expected 20
FAIL Importing a data URL should resolve the given promise. promise_test: Unhandled rejection with value: object "NetworkError: Failed to fetch module, error: Cross origin requests are only supported for HTTP."
FAIL Importing about:blank should reject the given promise. promise_rejects_dom: function "function () { throw e }" threw object "NetworkError: Failed to fetch module, error: Cross origin requests are only supported for HTTP." that is not a DOMException AbortError: property "code" is equal to 19, expected 20
PASS Importing a cross origin resource with the Access-Control-Allow-Origin header should resolve the given promise
FAIL Importing a cross origin resource without the Access-Control-Allow-Origin header should reject the given promise promise_rejects_dom: function "function () { throw e }" threw object "NetworkError: Failed to fetch module, error: Origin https://localhost:9443 is not allowed by Access-Control-Allow-Origin." that is not a DOMException AbortError: property "code" is equal to 19, expected 20
PASS Importing a cross-origin-redirected resource with the Access-Control-Allow-Origin header should resolve the given promise
FAIL Importing a cross-origin-redirected resource without the Access-Control-Allow-Origin header should reject the given promise promise_rejects_dom: function "function () { throw e }" threw object "NetworkError: Failed to fetch module, error: Origin https://localhost:9443 is not allowed by Access-Control-Allow-Origin." that is not a DOMException AbortError: property "code" is equal to 19, expected 20
FAIL Importing a script that has a syntax error should reject the given promise. assert_unreached: Should have rejected: undefined Reached unreachable code
FAIL Importing a nested script that has a syntax error should reject the given promise. assert_unreached: Should have rejected: undefined Reached unreachable code
FAIL Importing a script that imports an invalid identifier should reject the given promise. assert_unreached: Should have rejected: undefined Reached unreachable code

