Meter Element


PASS Default values
PASS Setting values to min, max, low, high and optimum
PASS max < min
PASS value < min
PASS value > max
PASS low < min
PASS low > max
PASS high < low
PASS high > max
PASS optimum < min
PASS optimum > max
PASS Invalid floating-point number values
PASS value must be 0 when a string is given
PASS default value of min is 0
PASS If min is not specified and value is smaller than the default value of min (i.e. 0), the actual value must be 0
PASS default value of max is 1.0
PASS If max is not specified and value is larger than the default value of max (i.e. 1.0), the actual value must be 1.0
PASS If a value smaller than 1.0 is given to min and max is not specified, max must be the same value as its default value (i.e. 1.0)
PASS If a value smaller than 1.0 is given to min, max is not specified, and value is larger than the default value of max (i.e. 1.0), the actual value must be 1.0
PASS If a value larger than or equal to 1.0 is given to min and max is not specified, max must be the same value as min
PASS If a value larger than or equal to 1.0 is given to min and max is not specified, the actual value must be the same value as min
PASS If a value smaller than 0 is given to max and min is not specified, min must be be the same value as its default value (i.e. 0)
PASS If a value smaller than 0 is given to max and min is not specified, max must be be the same value as the default value of min (i.e. 0)
PASS If a value smaller than 0 is given to max and min is not specified, the actual value must be be the same value as the default value of min (i.e. 0)
PASS If a value larger than or equal to 0 is given to max and min is not specified, max must be the same value as the default value of min (i.e. 0)
PASS If a value larger than or equal to 0 is given to max and min is not specified, min must be the same value as its default value (i.e. 0)
PASS If a value larger than or equal to 0 is given to max and min is not specified, the actual value must be the same value as the default value of min (i.e. 0)
PASS min must be 0 when a string is given
PASS If a string is given to min and value is smaller than the default value of min (i.e. 0), the actual value must be 0
PASS max must be 1.0 when a string is given
PASS If a string is given to max and value is larger than the default value of min (i.e. 1.0), the actual value must be 1.0
PASS giving a string to low must not affect the actual value
PASS high must equal max when a string is given to high
PASS giving a string to high must not affect the actual value
PASS value must not be smaller than min
PASS value must not be larger than max
PASS default low and high values equal min and max, respectively
PASS default low and high values equal 0 and 1.0 respectively, if both low and high are not specified
PASS low must not be smaller than min
PASS low must not be larger than max
PASS high must not be smaller than min
PASS high must not be larger than max
PASS If min is not specified, low must not be smaller than default value of min (i.e. 0)
PASS If a value smaller than low is given to high, it must be set to the same value as low
PASS If max is not specified, high must not be larger than default value of max (i.e. 1.0)
PASS optimum smaller than min
PASS optimum (smaller than min) must not affect min and the actual value
PASS optimum smaller than max
PASS optimum (larger than max) must not affect max and the actual value
PASS default optimum value is the midpoint between min and max

