
Harness Error (TIMEOUT), message = null

PASS Test cookie domain attribute parsing
PASS Return cookie for a domain match
PASS No cookie returned for domain mismatch (subdomains differ post-redirect)
PASS Return cookie for a domain match with leading '.'
TIMEOUT Return cookie for domain match (domain attribute is suffix of the host name and first level subdomain) Test timed out
NOTRUN Return cookie for domain match (domain attribute is suffix of the host name and first level subdomain, with leading '.')
NOTRUN No cookie returned for domain mismatch (subdomains differ, with leading '.')
NOTRUN No cookie returned for domain mismatch when cookie was created (which would match after the redirect, with one subdomain level)
NOTRUN Return cookie for domain match (domain attribute is suffix of the host name, with leading '.')
NOTRUN Return cookie for domain match (domain attribute is suffix of the host name)
NOTRUN No cookie returned for domain attribute with double leading '.'
NOTRUN No cookie returned for domain attribute with subdomain followed by ..
NOTRUN Return cookie for a domain match with leading whitespace and '.'
NOTRUN No cookie returned for domain attribute with whitespace that surrounds a leading '.'
NOTRUN No cookie returned for domain attribute with trailing '.'
NOTRUN No cookie returned for domain attribute with trailing '..'
NOTRUN No cookie returned for domain attribute with trailing whitespace and '.'
NOTRUN No cookie returned for domain attribute with TLD as value
NOTRUN No cookie returned for domain attribute with TLD as value, with leading '.'
NOTRUN No cookie returned for domain attribute with TLD as value, with leading and trailing '.'
NOTRUN Return multiple cookies that match on domain (without and with leading '.')
NOTRUN Return multiple cookies that match on domain (with and without leading '.')
NOTRUN No cookie returned for domain attribute value between quotes
NOTRUN Return multiple cookies that match on subdomain and domain (without and with leading '.')
NOTRUN Return multiple cookies that match on domain and subdomain (with and without leading '.')
NOTRUN No cookie returned when domain attribute does not domain-match (and first does)
NOTRUN Return cookie for domain attribute match (first does not, but second does)
NOTRUN Return cookie for domain match (with bizarre capitalization for domain attribute value)
NOTRUN No cookie returned for domain attribute value with port
NOTRUN No cookie returned for domain mismatch when cookie was created (which would match after the redirect, with two subdomain levels)
NOTRUN No cookie returned for cookie set on different domain (with no domain attribute)
NOTRUN Return cookie set with bare domain= attribute
NOTRUN Return cookie that domain-matches with bizarre-cased URL
NOTRUN No cookie returned for domain attribute mismatch (first attribute matches, but second does not)
NOTRUN Return cookie for domain match (first attribute doesn't, but second does)
NOTRUN Return cookie for domain match (first attribute matches, second doesn't, third does)
NOTRUN No cookie returned for domain attribute mismatch (first attribute doesn't, second does, third doesn't)
NOTRUN Return cookie for domain match (with two identical domain attributes)
NOTRUN Return cookie for domain match (with first domain attribute a match for host name and second as suffix of host name)
NOTRUN Return cookie for domain match (with first domain attribute as suffix of host name and second a match for host name)
NOTRUN No cookie set on domain mismatch before a (domain matching) redirect
NOTRUN No cookie set on domain mismatch before a (domain matching) redirect (for second level subdomain)
NOTRUN Return cookie for domain match (with first domain attribute as suffix of host name and second a bare attribute)
NOTRUN Cookie returned for bare domain attribute following mismatched domain attribute (after redirect to same-origin page).
NOTRUN No cookie returned for domain mismatch (first attribute is a different subdomain and second is bare)
NOTRUN Cookies with same name, path, and domain (differing only in leading '.') overwrite each other ('.' second)
NOTRUN Cookies with same name, path, and domain (differing only in leading '.') overwrite each other ('.' first)
NOTRUN No cookie returned for domain with single dot ('.') value.
NOTRUN Return cookie with valid domain after domain with single dot ('.') value.
NOTRUN Empty domain treated as host cookie 1
NOTRUN Empty domain treated as host cookie 2
NOTRUN Empty domain treated as host cookie 3
NOTRUN No host cookies returned for host cookies after non-host redirect 1
NOTRUN No host cookies returned for host cookies after non-host redirect 2
NOTRUN No host cookies returned for host cookies after non-host redirect 3

